Documentation/networking/devlink/ice.rst, before:

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0

===================
ice devlink support
===================

This document describes the devlink features implemented by the ``ice``
device driver.

Info versions
=============

The ``ice`` driver reports the following versions

.. list-table:: devlink info versions implemented
    :widths: 5 5 5 90

    * - Name
      - Type
      - Example
      - Description
    * - ``fw.mgmt``
      - running
      - 2.1.7
      - 3-digit version number of the management firmware that controls the
        PHY, link, etc.
    * - ``fw.mgmt.api``
      - running
      - 1.5
      - 2-digit version number of the API exported over the AdminQ by the
        management firmware. Used by the driver to identify what commands
        are supported.
    * - ``fw.mgmt.build``
      - running
      - 0x305d955f
      - Unique identifier of the source for the management firmware.
    * - ``fw.undi``
      - running
      - 1.2581.0
      - Version of the Option ROM containing the UEFI driver. The version is
        reported in ``major.minor.patch`` format. The major version is
        incremented whenever a major breaking change occurs, or when the
        minor version would overflow. The minor version is incremented for
        non-breaking changes and reset to 1 when the major version is
        incremented. The patch version is normally 0 but is incremented when
        a fix is delivered as a patch against an older base Option ROM.
    * - ``fw.psid.api``
      - running
      - 0.80
      - Version defining the format of the flash contents.
    * - ``fw.bundle_id``
      - running
      - 0x80002ec0
      - Unique identifier of the firmware image file that was loaded onto
        the device. Also referred to as the EETRACK identifier of the NVM.
    * - ``fw.app.name``
      - running
      - ICE OS Default Package
      - The name of the DDP package that is active in the device. The DDP
        package is loaded by the driver during initialization. Each varation
        of DDP package shall have a unique name.
    * - ``fw.app``
      - running
      - 1.3.1.0
      - The version of the DDP package that is active in the device. Note
        that both the name (as reported by ``fw.app.name``) and version are
        required to uniquely identify the package.

Commit message:

ice: add board identifier info to devlink .info_get
Export a unique board identifier using "board.id" for devlink's
.info_get command.

Obtain this by reading the NVM for the PBA identification string.

Signed-off-by: Jacob Keller <jacob.e.keller@intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Jesse Brandeburg <jesse.brandeburg@intel.com>
Acked-by: Jakub Kicinski <kuba@kernel.org>

Documentation/networking/devlink/ice.rst, after:

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0

===================
ice devlink support
===================

This document describes the devlink features implemented by the ``ice``
device driver.

Info versions
=============

The ``ice`` driver reports the following versions

.. list-table:: devlink info versions implemented
    :widths: 5 5 5 90

    * - Name
      - Type
      - Example
      - Description
    * - ``board.id``
      - fixed
      - K65390-000
      - The Product Board Assembly (PBA) identifier of the board.
    * - ``fw.mgmt``
      - running
      - 2.1.7
      - 3-digit version number of the management firmware that controls the
        PHY, link, etc.
    * - ``fw.mgmt.api``
      - running
      - 1.5
      - 2-digit version number of the API exported over the AdminQ by the
        management firmware. Used by the driver to identify what commands
        are supported.
    * - ``fw.mgmt.build``
      - running
      - 0x305d955f
      - Unique identifier of the source for the management firmware.
    * - ``fw.undi``
      - running
      - 1.2581.0
      - Version of the Option ROM containing the UEFI driver. The version is
        reported in ``major.minor.patch`` format. The major version is
        incremented whenever a major breaking change occurs, or when the
        minor version would overflow. The minor version is incremented for
        non-breaking changes and reset to 1 when the major version is
        incremented. The patch version is normally 0 but is incremented when
        a fix is delivered as a patch against an older base Option ROM.
    * - ``fw.psid.api``
      - running
      - 0.80
      - Version defining the format of the flash contents.
    * - ``fw.bundle_id``
      - running
      - 0x80002ec0
      - Unique identifier of the firmware image file that was loaded onto
        the device. Also referred to as the EETRACK identifier of the NVM.
    * - ``fw.app.name``
      - running
      - ICE OS Default Package
      - The name of the DDP package that is active in the device. The DDP
        package is loaded by the driver during initialization. Each varation
        of DDP package shall have a unique name.
    * - ``fw.app``
      - running
      - 1.3.1.0
      - The version of the DDP package that is active in the device. Note
        that both the name (as reported by ``fw.app.name``) and version are
        required to uniquely identify the package.
